what is our people AK here got a
gameplay of this universe for you once
again today we're going to be fine
Solomon Grundy he's one of the wanted
posters that you basically gather
throughout the world and what they do is
basically there's a certain person
that's always wanted in these posters
and you have to go look for them in the
certain areas and fight them the kind of
like mini bus actually call it mini
buses the proper buses because they're
really hard to kill so right here we
actually beat Solomon Grundy one spot
thought we do again for you guys so here
we are on our second attempt and this is
the Bay obviously and i'm gonna keep
bringing old videos that were to got
stored on my hard drive to you guys
until game release because i shore can't
wait until the game is released so in
the meanwhile hope for you guys can
watch these videos and enjoy until the
full game comes on then we can jump on
that but yeah so I mean this isn't gonna
be much from the full game so if we're
going to go against Solomon Grundy he's
very hard to be he's gotta love health
and he's really powerful so you
definitely need at least one healer on
your side will many going against
Solomon Grundy right here as you can see
I'm taking on the healing roll some
constant is healing people I'm bedell in
the party but there's a bunch of guys
with us helping us as well this is what
I like about this game it's a very team
based game if even if people aren't only
party they always help here and stuff so
if for example if you're going along and
we see like a few of the of the heroes
or villains opinion west side we are
fighting against each other we've go and
help the map so I like that about that
game about this game a lot of people do
that people just hate them help each
other out so yeah they go be almost
being there and that's it so there isn't
really much of a strategy to this boss
to be honest all you need to do just
make sure you have at least one healer
and you're all good add are something
you are the buses which will we will I
will be bringing to you upon the full
game release but I hope you enjoyed this
commentary I'm gonna let the rest of
this video play please rate comment and
subscribe